release: v1.60.0 (#6647)
apollographql/router: .changesets/exp_bnjjj_fix_retry_metric.md

> ### Remove experimental_retry ([PR #6338](https://github.com/apollographql/router/pull/6338))
> 
> Remove `experimental_retry`. Looking at our analytics it looks like it's not used and it's not working properly. As it was an experimental feature in order to check if we needed this feature or not we decided to remove it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Remove experimental_retry option ([PR #6338](https://github.com/apollographql/router/pull/6338))

The `experimental_retry` option has been removed due to its limited use and functionality during its experimental phase.
```
